changelog (jascotty2)

0.8-j
update for 1139 compatiblility
- again, hopefully more update-proof

0.7-j
fix for bukkit 1.5_02 servers, and should be update-proof

0.8-j
re-wrote/organized stopping classes
save on start is delayed, for bukkit 1060 compatiblity



original post:

SaveStopper - Stops saving if no one is online:
Version: v0.7, build 670

This plugin will stop the server from saving the world (via save-off/save-on) if no user is online.

At the moment this only listens for the quit and login events of players. It will perform a simple check if the user was the last and, if yes, will issue a save-all and disable saving. On the next login of a user, it will re-enable it.

Since my private server is without any casing (and will most likely stay that way) I could hear that my harddisks were in constant motion. After further investigation I found out that the minecraft server seems to write data to the disk every second even if no one is connected (most likely day/night cycle related, since everything else is pretty much dependant if a player is around or not). This is not a big issue, but I'm resting more peacefully knowing that my harddisks can rest also.

From the technical side this has most likely no implication on the lifetime or performance of the harddisk. I wrote it purely to stop my harddisks from making noise if they don't have to. I hope somebody else will find it useful, too.

Features:
Delayed disabling after the last logout
Disabling at startup
Easy configuration


Changelog:
Version 0.7 (Download) [670]
Fixed compatibility with 670
Removed verbose-setting (despite the promise, it only showed status messages which are now showing everytime)
Version 0.6 (Download) [493]
Fixed incorrect message that the saving will be disabled (even when players were connected)
Renamed classes to avoid collision with other plugins
Updated CommandHelper to my modified version
Version 0.5 (Download) [439]
Fixed error if no configuration file exists
Version 0.4 (Download) [439]
Fixed TSLPC
Fixed crash at startup
Version 0.3 (Download)
Implemented delayed disabling
Added configuration file
Version 0.2 (Download)
Before turning off the save-function, a save-all will be issued
Saving will be disabled at startup
Version 0.1 (Download)
First Version

Planned Features:
Improving my English, because it sucks...

Known Bugs:
Saving does not get disabled if the last player dies and exits to the menu
